ALL RIGHT, YOU GUYS.
IT'S 4 DEGREES AT THE AIRPORT RIGHT NOW
AND WE'RE SEEING MAINLY CLOUDY
SKIES.
WE SAW SOME NICE BREAKS OF
SUNSHINE THIS MORNING BUT
GENERALLY THROUGH THE DAY, CLOUDY
SKIES AND THE SUN WAS ABLE TO
FILTRE ITS WAY THROUGH SO THAT
WAS NICE. IT WAS A FAIRLY
PLEASANT DAY WARMING UP TO 7 DEGREES
WHICH IS OUR AVERAGE WAS. THAT'S
RIGHTS WHERE WE SHOULD BE SORT
OF FOR THIS TIME OF YEAR. WHEN
WE LOOK AT THE PATTERN WE STILL
HAVE THAT HIGH PRESSURE IN
PLACE, MILD CONDITIONS ACROSS
OUR AREA AND IT'S FAIRLY
STAGNANT ACROSS THE SOUTH.
MEANWHILE, THE NORTH COAST
GETTING HAMMERED BY TWO
DIFFERENT SYSTEMS, ONE REALLY
AFFECTING THEIR REGION TONIGHT.
THERE'S A WIND WARNING IN PLACE.
SOUTHEAST WINDS UP TO 90
KILOMETERS AN HOUR EXPECTED. I'M
ALREADY SEEING REPORTS AT ABOUT
66-70 KILOMETERS AN HOUR IN
PRINCE RUPERT. BUT THE JET STREAM
IS DRIVING WAY UP INTO NORTHERN
REGIONS AND WE'LL SEE THAT
PATTERN CONTINUE INTO OUR
SATURDAY AND THAT'S REALLY GOING
TO BRING IN THE MILDER AIR
ACROSS NORTHERN PARTS OF THE
PROVINCE. SOME AREAS WILL BE 20 DEGREES
ABOVE AVERAGE IN THE COMING
DAYS.
HERE'S A LOOK AT THE RE/MAX
SATELLITE. WE HAVE SOME CLOUD
COVER JUST OFF THE COAST,
THOUGH, A FEW SHOWERS STARTING
TO WUREB PUSH IN.
SO TONIGHT, FOR THE LOWER
MAINLAND SOUTH COAST,
A SLIGHT CHANCE OF SHOWERS.
WE'LL SEE THAT EARLY TOMORROW
MORNING BUT GENERALLY TOMORROW
BACK TO MAINLY CLOUDY SKIES AS
THESE SYSTEMS REALLY JUST
FINANCIAL TOWARDS THE NORTH
COAST. SO WET AND WINDY ACROSS
THE NORTH COAST, SNOW FOR INLAND
REGIONS IN THE MORNING AND BY
THE AFTERNOON HOURS THAT SPREADS
ALL THE WAY DOWN INTO AREAS LIKE
PRINCE GEORGE AND OVER TOWARDS
VALEMOUNT. MEANWHILE, THE SOUTH
COAST WILL BE SPLIT IN HALF.
NORTHERN REGIONS FROM SHE SE --
HAVE THE CHANCE OF SHOWERS. AND
IF YOU'RE IN WHISTLER YOU DO
HAVE THE CHANCE OF FLURRIES AS
WELL THROUGH THE AFTERNOON
HOURS.
HERE'S YOUR FORECAST,
AS I MENTIONED, WET AND WINDY
ACROSS THE NORTH COAST, EVEN
INLAND REGIONS.
SMITHERS I'M EXPECTING SNOW FOR
YOU, ABOUT 5 CENTIMETERS.
FLURRIES BY THE AFTERNOON IN
PRINCE GEORGE AND DOWN TOWARDS
QUESNEL AND THEN OVER TO VALE
VALEMOUNT. MEANWHILE AREAS
FURTHER SOUTH MAINLY CLOUDY. NOT
ONLY TOMORROW BUT SATURDAY AS
WELL.
SOUTH COAST AS WELL, THIS IS
YOUR PLAN FOR TOMORROW, RAIN
ACROSS NORTHERN REGIONS, MOSTLY
DRY ACROSS THE SOUTH. SLIGHT
CHANCE OF SHOWERS BUT THAT'S
ABOUT IT.
WE'RE HOPING FOR SUNNY BREAKS
NOT ONLY ON FRIDAY BUT INTO OUR
SATURDAY AS WELL.
WE DON'T SEE A CHANGE UNTIL
SUNDAY AND IT'S A BRIEF PERIOD
OF RAIN. AND OTHERWISE WORRY BACK
TO SUNSHINE ON MONDAY.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO IDA. SHE TURNED
101.
WYNNE BLAKE TURNED 100.
CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU BOTH AND
A HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO ANN AND
AL HIRSCH, THEY CELEBRATE THEIR
70TH TONIGHT. .
OUR WEATHER WINDOW TONIGHT IS A
REALLY NEAT SHOT OF A SUNDOG, I
WILL PUT AN EXPLANATION.